README.md, before:

# Xqhare
Hello there, I am Xqhare, a self-taught programmer with a passion for systems programming and everything I can break! 

My journey started in Minecraft with the mod "ComputerCraft" where I programmed an autominer. After some tinkering I still remember the excitement when I finally got it to move, only to realize I had put in two variables the wrong way around and the autominer started digging straight down instead of forwards. 

After this I enrolled in the media course in my highschool and continued with some classical education in JavaScript and MySQL during A-levels. I spend a few semesters studying IT-Security where I had first expirence with using Linux and writing bash. After dropping out I transitioned to using Python and started the randomiserProject you can find in my repos. 

Delving deeper and deeper into the arcane knowledge that is computer science, I now have hopped onto the rust train and can't get off, it's just too BLAZINGLY FAST! 

Alongside my programming journey, I have also switched to using Linux as my main operating system. During that transition I have also picked up neovim as my IDE with which I hope to gain favor with the neck-beard council and learn the most difficult incantations to best serve the Machine God.

## 🚀 About Me
- 👨‍💻 I'm self-taught in Rust and Python, with some classical education in JavaScript and MySQL.
- 💡 I'm a self-taught programmer, always eager to learn.
- 🔭 Currently, I'm solving problems only I have and make for myself.
- ✨ I'm creating bugs since first programming an autominer, using Lua, in a Minecraft mod called "ComputerCraft" sometime in the early 2010's.

## 💌 The quote I code by
"You copied that function without understanding why it does what it does, and as a result your code IS GARBAGE. AGAIN."
~ Linus Torvalds

## 💻 Skills
<div align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vim/vim-original.svg" height="40" alt="vim logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" height="40" alt="javascript logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" height="40" alt="python logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/rust/rust-plain.svg" height="40" alt="rust logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" height="40" alt="html5 logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" height="40" alt="css3 logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" height="40" alt="mysql logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/sqlite/sqlite-original.svg" height="40" alt="sqlite logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" height="40" alt="linux logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bash/bash-original.svg" height="40" alt="bash logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/debian/debian-original.svg" height="40" alt="debian logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/ubuntu/ubuntu-plain.svg" height="40" alt="ubuntu logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" height="40" alt="git logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/markdown/markdown-original.svg" height="40" alt="markdown logo"  />
</div>

## 🌟 Featured Projects
Get a glimpse of the projects I've been working on:

---

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-fast.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=Xqhare&repo=nabu&theme=radical)
 
Nabu us a rust library to interact with .xff files. .xff files are my own specification of a json like binary data structure capable of storing arbitrary data.

---

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-fast.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=Xqhare&repo=tyche&theme=radical)

You always need random data. Part of my effort to build my own code stack.

---

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-fast.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=Xqhare&repo=athena&theme=radical)

Athena is a collection of small, but useful code like compression and checksums. It is also home to my most used piece of code, `XffValue`.

---
![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-fast.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=Xqhare&repo=urd&theme=radical)

Urd is my first fully finished GUI Application.

---
![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-fast.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=Xqhare&repo=horae&theme=radical)

Everybody always talks about how hard Time & Date is. I had to find out myself, and yes, they are right.

---

## ⭐ GitHub Stats
I found these, so of course I need to include them:

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-fast.vercel.app/api?username=Xqhare&show_icons=true&theme=radical)
![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-fast.vercel.app/api/streak?username=Xqhare&theme=radical)
![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-fast.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Xqhare&layout=compact&theme=radical)

## 🎯 Future Goals
My future goals include:

- Continuing to build projects and experiment.
- Expanding my code base with more libraries, so that I don't need to use any external dependencies. At some point.

## 🌈 Fun Fact

"What would change if you could only ever create an object once?"


"Nothing for most object oriented programmers!"

---

This many peolple have had the misfortune of visiting this page:

![](https://api.visitorbadge.io/api/VisitorHit?user=Xqhare&repo=github-visitors-badge&countColor=%237B1E7A)

Commit message:

Revise fun facts and improve README content
Updated fun fact section and corrected typos.

README.md, after:

# Xqhare
Hello there, I am Xqhare, a self-taught programmer with a passion for systems programming and everything I can break! 

My journey started in Minecraft with the mod "ComputerCraft" where I programmed an autominer. After some tinkering I still remember the excitement when I finally got it to move, only to realize I had put in two variables the wrong way around and the autominer started digging straight down instead of forwards. 

After this I enrolled in the media course in my highschool and continued with some classical education in JavaScript and MySQL during A-levels. I spend a few semesters studying IT-Security where I had first expirence with using Linux and writing bash. After dropping out I transitioned to using Python and started the randomiserProject you can find in my repos. 

Delving deeper and deeper into the arcane knowledge that is computer science, I now have hopped onto the rust train and can't get off, it's just too BLAZINGLY FAST! 

Alongside my programming journey, I have also switched to using Linux as my main operating system. During that transition I have also picked up neovim as my IDE with which I hope to gain favor with the neck-beard council and learn the most difficult incantations to best serve the Machine God.

## 🚀 About Me
- 👨‍💻 I'm self-taught in Rust and Python, with some classical education in JavaScript and MySQL.
- 💡 I'm a self-taught programmer, always eager to learn.
- 🔭 Currently, I'm solving problems only I have and make for myself.
- ✨ I'm creating bugs since first programming an autominer, using Lua, in a Minecraft mod called "ComputerCraft" sometime in the early 2010's.

## 💌 The quote I code by
"You copied that function without understanding why it does what it does, and as a result your code IS GARBAGE. AGAIN."
~ Linus Torvalds

## 💻 Skills
<div align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vim/vim-original.svg" height="40" alt="vim logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" height="40" alt="javascript logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" height="40" alt="python logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/rust/rust-plain.svg" height="40" alt="rust logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" height="40" alt="html5 logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" height="40" alt="css3 logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" height="40" alt="mysql logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/sqlite/sqlite-original.svg" height="40" alt="sqlite logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" height="40" alt="linux logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bash/bash-original.svg" height="40" alt="bash logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/debian/debian-original.svg" height="40" alt="debian logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/ubuntu/ubuntu-plain.svg" height="40" alt="ubuntu logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" height="40" alt="git logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/markdown/markdown-original.svg" height="40" alt="markdown logo"  />
</div>

## 🌟 Featured Projects
Get a glimpse of the projects I've been working on:

---

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-fast.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=Xqhare&repo=nabu&theme=radical)
 
Nabu us a rust library to interact with .xff files. .xff files are my own specification of a json like binary data structure capable of storing arbitrary data.

---

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-fast.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=Xqhare&repo=tyche&theme=radical)

You always need random data. Part of my effort to build my own code stack.

---

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-fast.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=Xqhare&repo=athena&theme=radical)

Athena is a collection of small, but useful code like compression and checksums. It is also home to my most used piece of code, `XffValue`.

---
![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-fast.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=Xqhare&repo=urd&theme=radical)

Urd is my first fully finished GUI Application.

---
![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-fast.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=Xqhare&repo=horae&theme=radical)

Everybody always talks about how hard Time & Date is. I had to find out myself, and yes, they are right.

---

## ⭐ GitHub Stats
I found these, so of course I need to include them:

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-fast.vercel.app/api?username=Xqhare&show_icons=true&theme=radical)
![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-fast.vercel.app/api/streak?username=Xqhare&theme=radical)
![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-fast.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Xqhare&layout=compact&theme=radical)

## 🎯 Future Goals
My future goals include:

- Continuing to build projects and experiment.
- Expanding my code base with more libraries, so that I don't need to use any external dependencies. At some point.

## 🌈 Fun Facts by me!

"What would change if you could only ever create an object once?" - "Nothing for most object oriented programmers!"

`libc` is one of the few pieces of software, that is neither a dependency, nor part of the environment, but also both at the same time.

---

This many peolple have had the misfortune of visiting this page:

![](https://api.visitorbadge.io/api/VisitorHit?user=Xqhare&repo=github-visitors-badge&countColor=%237B1E7A)
